This is a big one.
This one I hold dear to my heart and it's the idea that things will never be perfect no matter how hard
you study no matter how many videos you watch how many books you read how many projects you built your
code is never going to be perfect.
A lot of people hold off on shipping a product or building something because they think they still need
to improve something they still need to learn or they still need to add that feature at a buck.
But the problem is that this is a continuous cycle.
It's never going to be perfect.
Things are always evolving and there's always going to be different ways that you can refactor code
make things maybe more efficient cleaner looking.
The problem is when you have this mentality of oh I'm gonna have to wait until it's absolutely perfect
is that you end up just bottling all this productivity inside you.
But until you put out your work until you do something in the real world to solve a problem everything
is internal all that code that you write.
If nobody sees it if nobody uses it it might as well just not be there.
So keep that in mind.
It's better to just start doing something start putting something out there start releasing that product
because no matter why you do it won't be perfect.
What you want to do is constantly improve.
And the best way to improve is to get feedback on your code from other people feedback on your product
so I guess what I'm saying is stop watching these videos.
Close your laptop well don't close your laptop where programmers but close this video open up your code
editor and start writing your project.